Hello. I'm here to get my room card.
I promise, my wish is to talk about a sweet sisterhood.
Why are you here?
Me...
You mean Ms. Khuc helped you find Ms. Gui's whereabouts.
Aran, you have nothing to do with him.
Why did he suddenly go to check on her mother-in-law's way down?
Don't you feel a little strange?
Shuyeon, what do you mean?
I just think there's air guns.
It's best to be careful.
He is the only son of the richest man in the world.
I'm afraid people with minds will take advantage of that.
No.
He himself is a rich man.
So what does he want from you?
Thank you for being so handsome.
I can't be simple.
See the colors.
He bet on me.
What did you say?
You're welcome.
Don't worry, Kuan Yuan has no problem.
Looks like I have to do something.
Sister, what's wrong with you?
My stomach hurts a little.
Maybe the physiological period is coming.
It's okay, I'll be here slowly.
That would surely hurt him.
Hello, your errand delivery has been delivered.
Please sign for cigarettes.
You're listening to us.